# BSc. Process mining methods analysis in Agile software development 

Process mining project in the field of Agile software development. 
This Project is part of a bachelor thesis written in the Software and Business Engineering chair at TU Berlin university.


### Abstract
Process mining is a sub discipline of business process management that aim to discover, enhance and study event logs.
With process mining, organisations can gain an internal insight and knowledge about how business processes are
being executed and allow controlling and monitoring tasks to be more efficient.
This work aims to evaluate if current process mining techniques can be applied in Agile software development processes to asses how this is being implemented.
A case study performed with the framework PM4PY and ProM present analysis of an E-commerce platform available
on mobile devices. The case study follows the process mining method PM\textsuperscript{2} that is designed also for unstructured processes with the aim to evaluate rather the method is sufficient to discover Agile software development processes.
Using process mining it was possible to discover in the event log the recommended structure of Kanban and
Scrumban methodologies as the main components of Scrum as Scrum events, roles and artifacts.

### Project Structure
This Python project contains a main class that implements a case study based on the following functionality:
1. **Discovery** - collecting values from an event log, filtering an event log and discovering an event log based on a specific attribute of the event log. 
Additionally, the Visual class implement the inductive and alpha miner on an event log.
2. **Enhancement** - gathering statistics and information regarding an event log. Plots and heat maps generation on different time measures in the event log.
3. **Conformance** - implementation of footprint map, alignment conformance and log Skeleton of an event log.

The project contains also a Report folder which generate a pdf that contains a summary of all statistics and occurrences of values in the context of the case study. The project can be generated by running the main method in Report_file.py  
